JBGM LICENSE

VERSION Xx420xX4, 05 May 2018

Copyright � 2018 William Moodhe

Anyone is allowed to copy, upload, or distribute copies of this license, but
changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The GNU license was garbage so I made my own. If you don't like it then feel
free to delete the gamemode. A good portion of people have seen fit to modify
stuff I've made, make it so people can "donate" for premium features, and
subsequently generate revenue using things that I and others have created
without permission. Then they ban members of my Steam groups, DDoS my own
servers, openly insult me despite never having talked to me, and be jerks in
general.

So I will be issuing DMCA take down notices to server hosts and others who think
that I'm joking. Server hosts have typically sided with me during the few times
I've needed to do this. I don't plan on being 'that guy' and going after gmod
servers trying to stay alive but I do plan on weeding out a few of the bigger
jerks out there.

tl;dr - I won't screw with you if you don't screw with me.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions

"License" refers to this file.

"Author" refers to the person William Moodhe <williammoodhe@gmail.com> 

"Content" refers to all files and folders that the license came with as well as
the intellectual property and all derivitive works.

"Copyright" refers to the laws on intellectual property and the legal rights
automatically granted to the Author during the creation of the Content.

"Modify" refers to editing the Content as well as creating programs or code
which depends on the Content to run. For the purpose of this license, deleting
things without deleting the entire Content is ALSO considered editing.

1. For any conditions not outlined in the License, refer to your country or
state laws for Copyright. [Host your server in Russia.]

2. You may freely copy, distribute, create derivitive works and distribute
derivitive works of the Content as long as you obey the License and the License
is not Modified. [Feel free to make edits.]

3. You will not Modify the Content in such a way that it will, directly or
indirectly, generate revenue without explicit, written permission from the
Author. CLARIFICATION: This clause does not include cosmetic features such as
hats, PointShop, etc. as long as it is not possible to purchase gameplay
advantages. [For example: it is not allowed to make it so you can pay to have
extra health, points, speed, etc. It is allowed to have revenue-generating
addons that offer only cosmetics or features that do not change the gameplay.]

4. You will not deny access to the Author to anything in such a way that it
would not allow the Author to see if the Gamemode was Modified. [For example:
banning my Steam groups from your server.]

5. If you do not agree to any of the above conditions you must delete the
Content in its entirety as well as all copies of the Content and derivitive
works of the Content that you have made.

END TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Sharing Exception to the JBGM License
Version 1, 12 Sep 2020

Copyright © 2020 Rocky Breslow
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

We wanted to license our project under the GNU Affero General Public License
(AGPLv3), however this license is incompatible with the JBGM License because the
JBGM License places restrictions on commercial use.

The main ideal we wish to inherit from AGPLv3 is for improvements made in
alternate versions of the program to become available for other developers to
incorporate.

Our exception is designed specifically to ensure that, in such cases, the
modified source code becomes available to the community. It requires the
operator of a network server to provide the source code of the modified version
running there to the users of that server. Therefore, public use of a modified
version, on a publicly accessible server, gives the public access to the source
code of the modified version.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.

"This License" refers to version 1 of the Sharing Exception to JBGM License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works,
such as semiconductor masks.

"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License. Each
licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be individuals
or organizations.

To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a
fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy.
The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work
"based on" the earlier work.

A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the
Program.

To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission,
would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable
copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy.
Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification),
making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.

To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to
make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network,
with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

1. Source Code.

The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making
modifications to it.  "Object code" means any non-source form of a work.

A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official standard
defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of interfaces specified
for a particular programming language, one that is widely used among developers
working in that language.

The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other than the
work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major
Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves only to
enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement a Standard
Interface for which an implementation is available to the public in source code
form.  A "Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component
(kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system (if any) on
which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to produce the work, or an
object code interpreter used to run it.

The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all the source
code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the object
code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those activities.
However, it does not include the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose
tools or generally available free programs which are used unmodified in
performing those activities but which are not part of the work.  For example,
Corresponding Source includes interface definition files associated with source
files for the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as by
intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms and other
parts of the work.

The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can regenerate
automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.

2. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it,
in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each
copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep intact all notices stating that this
License and any non-permissive terms added apply to the code; keep intact all
notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all recipients a copy of this
License along with the Program.

You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and you may
offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

3. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to produce it
from the Program, in the form of source code under the terms of section 2,
provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified it, and
giving a relevant date.

b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is released under this
License and any conditions added. This requirement modifies the requirement in
section 2 to "keep intact all notices".

c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this License to anyone
who comes into possession of a copy. This License will therefore apply, along
with any additional terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts,
regardless of how they are packaged. This License gives no permission to license
the work in any other way, but it does not invalidate such permission if you
have separately received it.

d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display Appropriate
Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive interfaces that do not
display Appropriate Legal Notices, your work need not make them do so. A
compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent works, which
are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and which are not
combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or on a volume of a
storage or distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the compilation and
its resulting copyright are not used to limit the access or legal rights of the
compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion of a
covered work in an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other
parts of the aggregate.

4. Remote Network Interaction; Use with the JBGM License.

Notwithstanding any other provision of the JGBM License, if you modify the
program, your modified version must prominently offer all users interacting with
it remotely through a computer network (if your version supports such
interaction) an opportunity to receive the Corresponding Source of your version
by providing access to the Corresponding Source from a network server at no
charge, through some standard or customary means of facilitating copying of
software. This Corresponding Source shall include the Corresponding Source for
any work covered by version Xx420xX4 of the JBGM License that is incorporated
pursuant to the following paragraph.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have permission to link
or combine any covered work with a work licensed under version Xx420xX4 of the
JBGM License into a single combined work, and to convey the resulting work. The
terms of this License will continue to apply to the part which is the covered
work, but the work with which it is combined will remain governed by version
Xx420xX4 of the JBGM License.

END TERMS AND CONDITIONS
